Tutor Contract Agreement

This Contract for Services (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of the date of acceptance by Tutor (the “Effective Date”) by and between VANFORD INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) and Tutor.

ARTICLE 1.
SERVICES

1.1	 Specific Services.  Tutor agrees to perform the services described in "Description of Services" attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement and incorporated into this Agreement by reference.

1.2	Status as Third Party Contract Tutor.  Tutor enters into this Agreement, and will remain throughout the term of the Agreement, as an independent contractor.  Tutor agrees that it is not and will not become an employee, partner, agent, or principal of Company while this Agreement is in effect.  Tutor agrees it is not entitled to the rights or benefits afforded to Company's employees, including disability or unemployment insurance, workers' compensation, medical insurance, sick leave, or any other employment benefit.  Tutor is responsible for providing, at its own expense, disability, unemployment, and other insurance, workers' compensation, training, permits, and licenses for itself and for its employees or subcontractors.  Subject to performing the services set forth on Exhibit A and to the Nondisclosure and Confidentiality Agreement attached as Exhibit B hereto, Tutor may represent, perform services for, or be employed by any additional persons, or companies as Tutor sees fit.

1.3	No Authority to Bind Company.  Tutor acknowledges and agrees that Tutor and any of Tutor’s assistants have no authority to enter into contracts that bind the Company or create obligations on the part of the Company without the prior written authorization of the Company.
1.4	Payment of Income Taxes.  Tutor is responsible for paying when due all United States federal and state income taxes, including estimated taxes, incurred as a result of the compensation paid by Company to Tutor for services under this Agreement.  On request, Tutor will provide Company with proof of timely payment.  Tutor agrees to indemnify Company for any claims, costs, losses, fees, penalties, interest, or damages suffered by Company resulting from Tutor's failure to comply with this provision.

1.5	Conflicts with this Agreement.  Tutor represents and warrants that neither Tutor nor any of Tutor’s assistants is under any pre-existing obligation in conflict or in any way inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement.  Tutor represents and warrants that Tutor’s performance of all the terms of this Agreement will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence proprietary information acquired by Tutor in confidence or in trust prior to commencement of this Agreement.  Tutor warrants that Tutor has the right to disclose and/or or use all ideas, processes, techniques and other information, if any, which Tutor has gained from third parties, and which Tutor discloses to the Company or uses in the course of performance of this Agreement, without liability to such third parties.


Article 2.
Compensation

2.1.	Rate.  Company agrees to pay Tutor according to the terms in the Description of Services.

2.2.	Invoices.  Amounts due for Expenses shall be paid within thirty (30) days of delivery to Company of an invoice.  Invoices shall be approved by Company representatives.  If Company objects to any portion of any invoice, Company shall timely pay the undisputed amount, and promptly notify Tutor, in writing, of the disputed amount and the reason for the dispute.  Tutor shall submit all invoices for Expenses within sixty (60) days from the date the Expenses were incurred. Company shall not be required to pay or reimburse any Expenses not invoiced within such sixty (60) day period.


Article 3.
Obligations of Consultant

3.1	Tutor’s Qualifications.  Tutor represents that Tutor has the qualifications and skills necessary to perform the services under this Agreement in a competent, professional manner. This means Tutor is able to fulfill the requirements of this Agreement.  Failure to perform any of the services required under this Agreement constitutes a material breach of the Agreement.  Tutor will only provide tutoring services in those subject areas pre-approved by the Company.  Tutor shall follow all rules established by and communicated to the Tutor by the Company regarding the provision of tutoring services.  Tutor shall agree to the terms and conditions for users of the Sesh Application.

3.2	Workers’ Compensation.  Tutor agrees to provide workers’ compensation insurance for Tutor’s employees and agents and agrees to hold harmless and indemnify Company for any and all claims arising out or in connection with any injury, disability, or death of any of Tutor’s employees or agents.

3.3	Assignment.  Neither this Agreement nor any duties or obligations under this Agreement may be assigned or delegated by Tutor without the prior written consent of Company, which consent may be withheld in Company’s sole and absolute discretion.  Any such assignee shall be required by Tutor as a condition of his or her performance of services for Company to execute a standard non-disclosure agreement in a form approved by Company.

3.4	Prior Obligations.  Tutor shall respect and abide by all obligations arising under prior employment agreements or otherwise with respect to confidential, proprietary or trade secret information.  Tutor represents that no outstanding agreement or obligation exists that conflicts with any of the provisions of this Agreement, or which will impair, impede, or conflict with the performance of the obligations contained in this Agreement.

3.5	Nondisclosure and Confidentiality Agreement.  The terms of the Nondisclosure and Confidentiality Agreement are attached hereto as Exhibit B and are hereby incorporated by this reference.  This agreement generally provides that the Company owns the intellectual property produced by Tutor, and that Tutor shall not use or disclose the confidential material of the Company.


Article 4.
Termination of Agreement

4.1	Term of Agreement.  This Agreement shall be effective from the Effective Date through one (1) year from the Effective Date (the “Term”).

4.2	Termination Without Cause.  Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving one (1) day written notice to the other party.  In the event of such termination, Tutor shall be paid for any portion of the Services that have been performed prior to the termination.

4.3	Effect of Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Company shall pay Tutor all unpaid fees that had been earned up to the date of Termination.


Article 5.
indemnity

Tutor hereby undertakes and agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Company, its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against all loss or damage (including reasonable attorney’s fees, court costs and reasonable costs of experts), and to defend Company from and against any and all actions (including suits, actions or administrative, legal or equitable proceedings of any kind) brought against Company, which claims or actions arise from or in connection with any negligent act or omission on the part of Tutor or the willful misconduct of Tutor during the performance of services by Tutor on behalf of Company.  In the event that a claim or action is brought against Company, Company shall control the defense and resolution of any claim or action brought against Company.


Article 6.
General Provisions

6.1.	Notices.  Any notice provided for or permitted under this Agreement will be treated as having been given when (a) delivered personally, (b) sent by telecopy, (c) sent by commercial overnight courier with written verification of receipt, or (d) mailed postage prepaid by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to the party to be notified, at the address set forth below, or at such other place of which the other party has been notified in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.1.

Company
VANFORD INC.
Attention:  Daniel Rossett, CEO
2616 Washington Ave.
Chevy Chase, Maryland 20815
Daniel@seshtutoring.com


TUTOR:

The Company will use the address provided by Tutor when signing up for an account.
If Tutor would like to use a different address, please provide notice to: Daniel@seshtutoring.com

Each party may change its address by giving written notice in accordance with this section.

6.2	Entire Agreement of the Parties.  This Agreement supersedes any and all agreements, either oral or written, between the parties with respect to the rendering of services by Tutor for Company and contains all of the representations, covenants, and agreements between the parties with respect to the rendering of those services.  Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not contained in this Agreement, and that no other agreement, statement, or promise not contained in this Agreement will be valid or binding.

6.3	Amendments and Waivers.  Any modification of this Agreement or waiver under this Agreement will be effective only if it is in a writing signed by the party to be charged.

6.4	Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

6.5	Partial Invalidity.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way.

6.6	Governing Law; Jurisdiction.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, to the same extent as if signed by California residents, in California and calling for full performance in the State of California, all without regard to conflicts of laws.  The parties hereto agree that all matters arising out of this Agreement shall take place in either the United States District Court, Northern District of California, or in the State Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco.

6.7	Advice of Counsel.  EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH PARTY HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND HAS READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE DRAFTING OR PREPARATION HEREOF.



Exhibit A
Description of Services

Services Provided by Tutor

	Tutor will provide tutoring sessions in subject areas for which Tutor is approved by the Company. Tutoring sessions will vary in length based on the needs of the student-user and the availability of the Tutor.  Tutors will direct the tutoring sessions.

On the Effective Date, the Tutor will be given access to a tutor account.  As soon as Tutor has access to the tutor account, Tutor can use the Application to identify student-users and schedule tutoring sessions.  At all times while providing tutoring services, Tutor shall wear the “Vanford Inc.” backpack if provided to the Tutor by the Company.

Tutors are responsible for calculating the length and subject-matter of a tutoring session by inputting that information into the Application.

	Tutor provides tutoring sessions to student-users of the Sesh Application.  Tutor’s duties during tutoring sessions may include some or all of the following:

1.	Developing curriculum for subject-matter instruction;
2.	Assist student-users with homework, papers, or other assignments by providing suggestions for solving problems, brainstorming, and answering questions;
3.	Identifying areas in which student-user is strong and areas in which student-user needs improvement;
4.	Preparing student-users for upcoming exams;
5.	Suggesting additional resources, problem-sets, or other materials that may aid student-users.

Tutors are responsible for conducting tutoring services in a professional manner.

Payment for Services

Monetary Compensation.
Tutors will establish an account with a third party payment system designated by the Company into which they will receive automatic deposits as compensation for tutoring sessions.  Tutoring rates are determined by the subject-area as well as the time and date of the tutoring session.  Tutoring sessions conducted in difficult or specialty subject areas, as determined by the Company, may be subject to a higher rate.  Tutoring sessions conducted at peak hours, as determined by the Company, may be subject to a higher rate.  The Company may also establish additional criteria, at the sole discretion of the Company, for determining or adjusting the rate for the tutoring session.  Tutors will receive as compensation a fixed percent of the total fee to the student-user for each tutoring session. The fixed percent will be determined prior to the start of the tutoring session.

Exhibit B

NON-DISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

This NON-DISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of the date set forth below by and between the undersigned receiving party (hereafter “Recipient”) and VANFORD INC., a Delaware corporation, the disclosing party (hereafter “VANFORD”).

Recitals

A.	Recipient will receive certain Proprietary Information (defined below) from VANFORD.
B.	VANFORD may find it beneficial to disclose to Recipient certain information and material of a confidential, proprietary or secret nature, whether written or oral, tangible or intangible, including but not limited to financial statements and data, existing or proposed business or products, manuscripts, discoveries, ideas, concepts, know-how, methods, techniques, designs, patterns, styling, plans and efforts, the identities of and the course of dealing with actual and prospective customers, contractors and suppliers, drawings, diagrams, data, analysis, compilations, studies, and other technical, financial or business information that has not been made available to the general public (the “Proprietary Information”).  Any information of third parties furnished or disclosed in the behalf of VANFORD is deemed VANFORD’s information, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Agreement
	As a condition to VANFORD furnishing Recipient with Proprietary Information, and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:
1.	The forgoing Recitals are repeated here and form a part of this Agreement.
2.	All Proprietary Information previously or subsequently furnished to Recipient by VANFORD is deemed confidential and must be kept in strict confidence under appropriate safeguards.  The term “Proprietary Information” for purposes of this Agreement does not include any information that (a) has been or becomes publicly known, through no wrongful act of Recipient; (b) was previously and lawfully known to Recipient without obligation to keep it confidential; (c) is rightfully received by Recipient from a third party who received the information lawfully and under no obligation to keep it confidential; or (d) which is independently developed by Recipient without use of or reference to the Proprietary Information that has been disclosed pursuant to this Agreement.
3.	Without the prior written consent of VANFORD, Recipient will not directly or indirectly:  (i) disclose or reveal any Proprietary Information to anyone other than his, her or its professional advisors who have a need to know such Proprietary Information and are subject to a duty of loyalty or confidentiality with respect to Recipient; (ii) use the Proprietary Information for any purpose other than in connection with the actual or proposed services rendered by Recipient in reviewing, commenting upon and making suggestions for improvement of the Proprietary Information; or (iii) except as may be required by law, regulation, or judicial order or process, disclose to any person or entity the Proprietary Information that has been made available to Recipient.  Recipient will not reproduce the Proprietary Information, in whole or in part, and will not distribute all or any portion of this Proprietary Information to any person other than Recipient’s professional advisors for the purpose set forth above in 3(i) above.
4.	After receiving written notice from VANFORD at the notice address below, Recipient will deliver to VANFORD all written material containing the Proprietary Information, without retaining any copies thereof.
5.	Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if (i) Recipient is requested or required in a judicial, administrative or governmental proceeding upon order, subpoena, or other process, including requests by regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over Recipient and including in connection with litigation or other disputes with private parties, and (ii) such disclosure is not prohibited by law, regulation or judicial order or process, then Recipient will provide VANFORD with notice of such request at Recipient’s notice address below so that Recipient may seek an appropriate protective order or waive compliance with the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement.
6.	Recipient acknowledges that disclosure or use of Proprietary Information in violation of this Agreement could cause irreparable harm to VANFORD for which monetary damages may be difficult to ascertain or be an inadequate remedy.  Recipient therefore agrees that VANFORD has the right, in addition to its other rights and remedies, to seek and obtain injunctive relief for any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, and waives the claim or defense that VANFORD has an adequate remedy at law.  If either party brings any action, suit, counterclaim, appeal, arbitration, or mediation for any relief against the other in connection with this Agreement, the substantially prevailing party may recover all reasonable fees and costs incurred in connection therewith.
7.	This Agreement is binding upon the parties’ successors and assigns and inures to the benefit of, and is enforceable by, the parties’ successors and assigns.
8.	The provisions of this Agreement are severable if any of the provisions hereof are held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the remaining provisions will be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
9.	This Agreement must be enforced in accordance with, and governed by, the laws of the State of California, notwithstanding choice of law principles thereof.  Venue of any dispute between the parties will be the courts located in Sonoma County, California and the parties waive any objection based on inconvenient forum.
10.	This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts must for all purposes be deemed an original, and all such counterparts together constitute but one and the same instrument.  Facsimile copies are sufficient to bind the parties.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed, delivered and formed this Agreement effective as of the date Tutor accepts this Agreement.

VANFORD INC.:
VANFORD INC.


By:   Daniel Rossett
Name: Daniel Rossett
Title: Co-CEO

Address for notices:
2616 Washington Ave.
Chevy Chase, Maryland 20815
Daniel@seshtutoring.com



If you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, please click on the button on the bottom of this page labeled “I ACCEPT”. If you do not click the “I ACCEPT” button at the bottom of this page, you are not eligible to provide tutoring services for the Company.